in the country one million one hundred thousand people
they live in poverty
of them more than 300,000 live in
precarious
and survive with at least 51 thousand colones
per month
the figures of the most recent survey
of ine homes that is distant from other
reality that is shown when walking
within these settlements
poverty does not exempt from getting some
luxuries in the last two years is more
frequent to find this panorama
satellite television antennas despite
the need
also improvised garages and cars
and when you enter these homes the wood and
the cans give space to flat screens
and other valuables
Mrs. Marta has been living here for 14 years
and recognizes that appliances like
this help you have better quality of
life does not try to make up its little things
that has eaten it went out one takes it out
Three years ago my dad pulled out the
got paid for Christmas that gets a
little cheaper and then so is that
we have managed to have the screen of
drag and the little thing and that the most
necessary for the house to try to
live a little better
and we found in the house of dona fatima
who lives alone with her husband
in a small grocery store
also as she says he
of having satellite television the fact
that we had in a
precarious does not mean that we do not
let's do from those things because not
keep for a house or for food
other expenses you like people
well this one I for example in the case of
we are not that not
if it's okay to save for a little house
but sometimes you kind of do not think
true but I say how this is like
like some in jarana in centers
commercial and already how to save like that
one finds it difficult or if one
example in a little house and one says it's already
one will leave you audi and can pay
but not seeing one says maybe
I bought this
she is not the only one with a
tour of various precarious for
recognize the antennas of this type of
service
Dona exiled now assures that she does not have
Grace
my son works and he is a person
salaried the sack credit and I
they gave true but that's how we do all the
that we live here for example in the cable
we have cables are paid
nine thousand colones per month one of each
three households live in poverty on
getting into debt is a way to get access
to this type of products despite the
need then where are the
priorities and why this is
phenomenon the answers in our
second installment of the contrasts within
of the three Aryans